R pi4 install (#983)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Deployment/RPi4.md

The newly released **Raspberry Pi 4** is currently the best low-cost single-board computer available. You can **use a Raspberry Pi 4 to run your BTCPay Server** at home for around $150 worth of parts, described below.

# Quickstart
Already have a Raspberry Pi 4B with the following specs?
	- 4GB memory
	- 1TB USB 3.0 SSD
	- 16GB or greater SD card   

> Download the latest [64 Bit RaspiOS 64](https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspios_lite_arm64/images/raspios_lite_arm64-2021-05-28/2021-05-07-raspios-buster-arm64-lite.zip). Flash the image to your SD card.  If you don't have a keyboard and monitor make sure you enable SSH by creating empty file named "ssh" on the "boot" folder of the SD card. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the latest [64 Bit RaspiOS 64](https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspios_arm64/images/) : Select the most recent directory and download the zip file. Flash the image to your SD card. Make sure you enable SSH by creating empty file named "ssh" on the "boot" folder of the SD card. 
```
